<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_introduction">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <shortdesc>About Mimo</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Mimo is one of the most popular coding applications available. It has been downloaded
            over 10 million times. Its aim is to faciliate coding-learning and to make it accesible
            for everyone. Mimo offers lessons of web development as wel as Phyton or SQL.</p>
        <p>Every subject is devided into small lessons, so that you learn step by step. Apart from
            the lessons, you can practice what you have learnt with featured projects and coding
            challenges.</p>
        <p>There is also a community feature that enables you to communicate with other users of the
            application.</p>
        <section id="section_g5g_dxc_ltb">
            <title>Is Mimo for you?</title>
            <p>Mimo is a good solution for you if you want to learn coding but you prefer to learn
                step by step. The material is devided into small lesson allowing you to learn one
                skill at the time. It is also suitable for you if you do not have a lot of time.
                With Mimo you can learn anywhere with your mobile phone. It can take only a couple
                of minutes to finish a single lesson.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_uy1_2xc_ltb">
            <title>How can you benefit from using Mimo?</title>
            <p>Mimo helps you to start to learn coding, as well as practicing what you are already
                familiar with. The content and the structure of the lessons make it easy and fun to
                learn. If you do them reguralily, you will get the hang of coding in short time.
            </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
